Previously onAll that baggage
that comes from war--
it just doesn't go away.
If you really want
to protect your brothers,
you can't just be their sheepdog
when you're downrange.
The wounds you can't see
are the hardest to deal with,
as I'm sure your wife knows.
No, but, what are
you trying to say?
Lady, you don't know
anything about me.
-What happened with that doctor?
-I left things a bit of a mess
back home with Naima.
It's not on you to fix
this problem for me.
The way you reacted to him--
I'm just wondering
if he's doing
to you what he did to me.
Nothing to report, Lieutenant.
You've been making people
uncomfortable.
You don't treat anyone
on this ship the way
-that you treated me.
-Message received.
I just learned you dropped
the ball as Bravo rep
at yesterday's general
quarters meeting.
Maybe you just chose
the wrong guy to be secretary.
I got an email
from Hannah that she was having
some sort of complications.
Yeah. You're drinking?
But you got to evolve.
Better choices.
-Hayes.
-Yeah?
-Where's the team?
-The high bay.
Probably at each other's
throats by now.
Fight club, that's right.
Take a seat, little man.
Come on, man!
Who's up?
Want me to go gather them up?
Wanted to talk to you, actually.
Bravo's mission failure last op
isn't sitting right with me.
Feel we may be steering
-this ship to different ports.
-Know what?
We're steering in the right
direction. My team's good to go.
Even Quinn?
♪ Yeah, you know we got you
Let's see what
the new papa's got. Bring it.
♪ Yeah, you know we got you...
Can't deny his behavior
a few weeks ago was pathetic,
botching his
general quarters duty.
Look, I got his
head back straight.
Probably didn't help that
you gave his job to Clay.
Spenser's reliable. How
about Warrant Officer Perry?
I'd hoped he'd be more
of an asset this deployment,
but he's seemed distracted.
♪ Like that when
the ice comes on... ♪
Uhp.
Ray's dealing with
some home front stuff,
but I'm telling
you, I'm on it.
All right, man?
Bravo is good.
Look at these boys, huh?
We ever get off this
ship, you'll be able
to come check it out.
May get the opportunity
sooner than you think.
-Got an op coming down the pike.
-Well,
must be big with you
playing 20 questions.
Could be a game-changer.
Good, 'cause we didn't
come all this way
just to fight each
other, did we?
Come on! Let's go.
Hold it...
All right, simmer down,
now, okay?
All right, hey, hey... Break it up!
No Jace?
Op falls under S.A.
Cell phone pulled from our
deceased Boko Haram lieutenant
has proven more valuable
than the Agency imagined.
Among the trove
of intel was this.
A previously unknown Boko camp
30 klicks outside
of Kano, Nigeria.
Up to 60 Boko fighters
living there.
Serious hornet's nest.
But that's not
what caught the CIA's eye.
-A/
-C units, used to cool the
computer servers housed within.
Intel indicates
that this camp is a hub
for Boko Haram's data channels.
Uh, the same dirtbags that
are killing people with machetes
are tech'd up like this?
Boko's evolving,
just like we've seen
with I.S. and A.Q. previously.
Boko is a 20,000-person
terrorist business.
Hacking into their network could
lay bare their whole structure.
Finances, personnel, targets.
The CIA is tasking Bravo
with infiltrating
to plant a device
that would allow them to tap
all data passing through.
Got a solid plan for infil.
Now, the camp receives
a regular water delivery.
CIA's outfitting
a look-alike tanker truck.
-Trojan Horse?
-Mm-hmm.
Downside,
those water deliveries
happen during the day,
forcing you to execute
without the cover of night.
We will be
lifestyle-patterning the camp
for the next week
with IMAGINT,
getting all the
details bolted down.
Meantime, Bravo will flesh out
the target package.
Warrant Officer Perry,
you'll read the team in.
Roger that.
Crammed into airless metal boxes
seems to be the theme
of this deployment, huh?
It's the action
we've all been craving.
Take the Hindenburg
if it gets us there.
That was a good one,
Andrew Dice Clay,
but why don't you shut up
and start prepping?
All right, let's see.
Det cord's already cut,
labeled, double-checked.
And I have ID'd all the
target breaching points, too.
You're on top of it.
Like butter on bacon.
Now, where is Jace?
You want the teacher
to give you a sticker?
The hell's going on here?
Uh, he might've caught me
a little Cooter Brown
the other night,
sipping on, uh,
Bravo's private stash.
I knew it was a mistake
bringing that booze
on board, man.
If we get caught with that stuff
on the ship...
Easy there, blonde-noser, okay?
Bravo 1 is the only person
that knows,
and he's already
given me what-for.
You were drinking alone?
Look, Sonny,
I know that you're
stressed out about being a dad,
but if you're gonna make it
through this deployment...
I've already got one sheepdog
breathing down my neck,
thank you.
You need a swim buddy.
Keep you sane
and out of trouble.
All right, you and me--
we'll work out together,
we'll eat together,
I check in with Stella,
you check in with Hannah.
I feel like this is working up
to some weird
tandem bathroom thing.
Man... I'm serious, man.
I'll have your back and
I'll make sure Jason's off it.
All right. Show me the way,
there, L. Blonde Hubbard.
Everything okay?
Might be if I didn't have
to keep getting a damn token
to reset my SIPRNet password.
That's weird.
I haven't heard of anybody else
having to do that.
Where do you have
to get it from?
Commander Whitshaw's department.
Been happening all week.
He's retaliating.
For what?
I confronted him.
The way he was
harassing you, I...
Wh... I told you I didn't
want to get into that.
I didn't
mention your name.
I tried not to make it
about you.
Well, now it is.
Retaliation is more harassment.
-You need to report him.
-No.
-I'll help.
-No. You've done enough.
Mina, reporting is the only way
this becomes his problem,
not yours.
Is there anything else
you'd like to add to the report?
No.
I think that's everything.
I'd like to add something.
When I first learned
about the harassment,
I made a mistake.
I confronted Lieutenant
Commander Whitshaw about
the behavior to try
to correct it informally.
Considering the circumstance,
I don't see
much of a mistake in that.
The mistake was thinking
that he could be reasoned with.
Instead of putting his victim
through more disruption.
You deserve to be
treated fairly.
We will address
the SIPRNet problem,
which seems to be retaliation.
And we'll make sure the command
issues a no-contact order
against Lieutenant
Commander Whitshaw
for the duration of
the investigation.
Great.
There's nothing in there.
No? You like... No. Nope.
Oh, you boys
are at it early.
We already hit the gym, too.
Bench-press up-shorts view
ain't any prettier at 0500.
-All right, well, I'll
tell you what, man,
Let's dial in this op.
We don't want to be
sitting ducks
with Boko, that's for sure.
The only thing
I'm afraid of is me.
-All right. Okay,
Jeffrey Dahmer.
Okay.
Okay, uh, guard's choke point's
here.
This here gives us cover.
Securing this area
covers exfil.
I must admit, Master Chief,
Bravo's delivered an airtight
mission plan.
Glad you weren't overpromising
on their readiness.
Told you, the team's good to go.
Only thing missing
is the green light.
-Yep.
-The next day or two.
Hey, that promise--
it still stands.
You know, you want to suit up
with us on game day,
you're more
-than welcome to.
-All right.
Jason Hayes extending
an olive branch?
Lack of oxygen down here
must be getting to you.
Yeah, I'm just, you know, happy
that Bravo's firing
on all cylinders, right?
Like you?
Oh, yeah.
Matter of fact,
I'm heading up to write
a letter to Naima right now.
What, no FaceTime?
Uh, writing it down helps me
get my thoughts straight.
-Find the right words.
-Yeah.
-Hmm.
-You volunteering to be
a human thesaurus?
Yeah, I didn't think so.
Hey, I, uh...
I thought that Ray
squared things away with Naima
before we left.
Yeah, you got
some bad intel there.
I'll make sure that, uh,
Ray's on it.
There's no problem that can't
be worked, right?
-Yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
Wait, wait, so...
pest control
still hasn't been out?
Well, t-the landlord swore
that it would happen today.
Stella.
No, I-I get it,
You don't...
Don't overreact.
You don't-you don't
need to move out.
-No, babe.
Whoa!
Hang on. I-I got to go.
Definitely not my...
-Sonny. Hey, you all right?
-Where did my pillow...
-You all right?
-That's gonna leave a mark.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hey, Clay.
Clay Spenser.
Hey, Full Metal.
What up?
Wh... Oh.
I think I just sprung a leak.
Does this look like
bourbon to you?
-Metal, help him up.
-Hey, keep it down.
People are sleeping.
-All right.
-Move.
Hook up...
There... Ooh.
I swear I haven't been drinking.
Somebody spiked the punch.
All right, where we going?
Hey!
-Hey, get out.
-What are you d...
what you doing?
We need the room,
let's go.
-Frogmen only.
-Yes, sir.
Kid's a regular Steven Seagal
protecting us from the siege.
-Hey, shut up.
-What?
Yeah. Shh. Jason or Soto
hear us, we're screwed.
-You understand? Shut up.
-Excuse me, guys,
keep it quiet.
Shut... He's gonna need stitches.
Smells like he's good
on anesthesia.
Yeah.
Just lucky that Jace
wasn't in the berthing.
Brock, go make sure the blood's
cleaned up, all right?
-Roger.
-Thanks.
Make it quick.
Chop, chop, Brock.
Whole stash is gone.
-Who did that?
-Did you drink this
all tonight
Or you been lying
-to me all week? Huh?
-Oh...
Um...
What's it matter
anyway, seriously?
Other than letting
down the life coach
I didn't really ask for
in the first place. Ow!
-Don't move.
You weren't
just gaslighting me.
What about Jason, huh?
All stations, the ship has moved
into ThreatCon Yoke.
Set all departments
to Condition Yoke.
Is that a drill?
Whoa.
Uh, either way, half the ship's
gonna be up and about.
Dance party.
-Hey. Hey. Look at me.
-Yeah. Hey.
Soon as you're sewn up,
we're slipping back
Yeah?into the racks, silent,
and you're showing up tomorrow
squared away, you got it?
-You got it? Yeah.
-Shh.
As you all heard last night, the
ship is now in ThreatCon Yoke.
All personal and non-essential
comms have been shut down.
We can't call home?
For how long?
Until the submarine that was
detected bearing our direction
is determined
not to be a threat.
What's that do to our op?
Current ThreatCon doesn't impact
it. We'll proceed as planned.
Great. Okay, Sonny and Trent,
you're going to shore
to check on the infil vehicle.
Let's make that
Ray and Trent.
Oh, I'm happy to stay put.
Fine. Everyone, let's,
uh, check on our gear.
And, uh, we get the go-ahead
any moment now, got it?
Hey! why's Sonny
still in your doghouse?
Really claiming
you didn't know?
Know what?
A master-at-arms
reported an incident
in the gear room
last night.
Five members of Bravo
stumbled in at 0200.
One bleeding and reeking
of booze-- "the good 'ol boy."
All right, look, man, I thought
I set Sonny straight.
Well, you thought wrong.
I closed the loop with the
M.A., so Bravo hopefully
won't be tossed from the ship.
You still certain Bravo will
crush any op comes their way?
All right, look, whatever
happened last night, you know,
my men are still sharp
outside the wire.
Glad I'll get
to judge for myself.
I'll leave you
to deal with the guys.
You see our contact?
No. Might be out back.
Yo. You mind?
Yeah, go ahead.
Okay... okay.
Okay.
Okay, all right...
Everything okay?
Yeah, yeah.
The, uh... hatch sticks.
Make sure it's fixed before
we roll out, all right?
Ray, how'd it go?
Water truck solid?
Uh, it will be.
What's eating at you?
What, all of a sudden
you're just, uh,
tapped into everyone
around here?
What's that supposed to mean?
Look, Sonny got hurt
and plastered last night.
-I had to hear that from Soto.
-Uh, well,
if you're asking if I knew
about it, I-I had no clue, man.
Of course.
You haven't been clued-in
since you've been
on board here.
Jace, I told you this new job
has got me pulled in different
directions than
deployments past.
Besides, I thought you were
the Bravo whisperer now.
Fixing everyone's issues.
It's Davis.
-Go time?
-Well, let's hope so.
I got to get off this ship.
The latest IMAGINT on
the Boko camp revealed
a new element on target.
Prisoner.
We know kidnap and ransom
is Boko's bread and butter.
FRS was able to ID him.
James Parker.
Medical aid worker
who was abducted five years ago.
-American.
-Okay, so now we're taking on
a hostage rescue as well.
Well, Agency has made clear that
placing the spyware device
remains the sole
mission objective.
But we would be remiss
to not let you know
of all presence on target.
-Understood.
Guy's been there
for five years, we're supposed
to pretend like he's not?
There's no reason
we can't get him.
Building where hotel's
being held is on
the opposite side of the camp
from the servers.
Water delivery cover only
gives us 20 mikes on target,
-Can't hit both spots.
-We'll split the team, all right?
Half take the server room,
the other half hits our hotel.
Full light of day,
unproven infil platform,
60 enemy on target?
Odds are already teetering,
you want to stack more?
One other factor in the mix.
15 minutes ago,
ISR shows
approximately half the fighters
departing camp. Typically,
patterning shows those
war parties gone
12 to 24 hours.
They split the enemy in half.
We got to move right now.
-You gonna help?
-About time, uh, we
hit dry land, Jace.
These boots almost forgot
what doors taste like.
-You loaded Soto's kit?
-Check.
-Ray's kit?
-Subsonic rounds?
-Check and check.
-Packed and ready to play.
-All right, look, you know what?
A lot of moving parts
in this op.
I need both your heads
dialed in, you got it?
Roger that.
-He knows.
-What?
About last night.
We got-we got to clear the air.
We got to come clean.
No, you're just being paranoid,
man. Jason just tapped us
as his wingmen on his
hostage rescue team.
Yeah, so he can
keep an eye on us.
Look, we can't have this hanging
over us before we roll out.
Well, that'll clear the air
like one of Pepper's
silent-but-deadlies, okay?
Jason don't know and that's
the way he likes it.
Now focus up, bruh.
Here you go.
Boko's run off all
the locals out here.
Bravo, passing phase-line blue.
Bravo copies phase-line blue.
Ten klicks out.
Hey. Let's go.
Wake up. Remember,
drop-dead time on
target's 20 mikes.
Not a second to waste.
You got it, Sonny?
Yeesh. So, no, uh, stop
at the food court, then?
Okay, I think he knows.
All departments, set conditions
for ThreatCon Dog Zebra.
Battle stations.
I'm assuming
this is not a drill?
The sub that's been trailing us
has been identified as Chinese.
The captain's concerned about
them breaching the ship's data.
And we're not
taking any chances.
Does that mean that
we're full comms blackout?
We're in the dark while Bravo's
in the middle of an op?
I've approved an encrypted line
for your drone feed
and a data burst text
to Bravo's MBITR to inform them
of the situation.
Be vague.
Copy.
We get one message
to let Bravo know
that their comms are out.
I think command set aside
the no-contact
order because
of the ThreatCon.
If you need to step out,
I got this.
Wouldn't give him
the satisfaction.
Ready?
Ship's in ThreatCon Zebra.
We've lost all comms with Havoc.
That's no-go criteria.
We know the plan.
We can do it blind.
Stop the truck, Ray.
Guards are watching.
This truck get squirrely,
they will never
let us in again.
This happens now or it
doesn't happen at all.
What's he doing?
Ah, looks like he's thirsty.
Jug. Give me the jug of water.
Hurry up.
That's it.
Come on.
Brock, Metal, take the backside
of hostage target.
-Dual entry on my call.
-All right.
We'll rally back here in 20.
Sooner the better.
Bravo 2,
approaching primary.
Bravo 5, you and Metal
take the backside,
dual entry on me.
Copy, Bravo 1. We're set.
Didn't Jace already
make that call?
-See what you need?
-Oh, yeah.
Boko's own cell phones will seed
a backdoor into the network.
You see a green light,
we're good.
Something Havoc
might've helped with?
Bravo 1, this is 2.
We have jackpot.
Heading back to the truck now.
What's your ETA?
That's a negative.
We need you over here now.
What can we do for the rest?
Well, we set them loose, we got
how we get them to the truck
without getting spotted,
and not to mention
this ain't gonna be easy for us,
but, uh, we ain't
got room for 'em.
We can't just
leave them here.
Burning time.
Let's go.
All right, Clay, Metal.
I want you to get, uh,
names and clear videos
of each hostage.
Got it?
What does this accomplish?
Get the local intel to G5
once CIA's looked
at the servers.
Then they come by and scoop up
the rest of the prisoners.
Best option on the table.
Yep. Let's move.
Quick. Let's go.
Let's go.
Made the right call, Jace.
Why are they still in there
with the hostage?
I don't know,
but look at this.
War party's returning.
And we can't warn Bravo.
I'm originally
from Kano state,
but my village is Madobi.
It is not far.
You can take me there.
Okay. Let's go.
Hey, we got to move.
We're at the drop-dead time
on target.
-We got to go. Come on.
-Please.
We've been here so long.
I'm sorry. There's nothing
I can do right now.
I'm sorry.
It's all we can do.
Sorry. Sorry.
We got to move. Let's go.
What?
The most powerful warriors
are patience and time.
Please, wait!
Wait!
Wait! Please!
-Help us!
-Help us! Help us!
Please, help us!
wait, help us!
Wait!
Ah, ah, ah!
Help!
Ray. Ray!
Hey, Ray, you hear me?
Team's loaded in.
Let's move.
-Move, move, move! Come on.
-Yeah.
Roger that.
Uh-oh.
They're back.
Bravo, be advised.
War party's coming in.
They don't know we're in here,
all right?
-They're just getting rowdy.
-You sure about that?
I'm out.
They're out.
They're good.
No.
Not until they're back here.
Convoy of vehicles
from the direction of the camp.
Hauling ass.
Moving faster than we can.
Puts them on us before
we're anywhere near exfil.
Bravo 1, we got three vehicles
en route from target,
about five klicks back
and gaining. Over.
Probably found the dead guard.
Copy that. How long
till they're on us?
Ten mikes if we're lucky.
Sonny, give me demo count.
Everyone's loaded out,
plus mine.
Why?
Bravo 2, got a cluster of
buildings. It looks abandoned.
One klick ahead.
Oh, boy.
What are they doing?
They think they're
gonna take shelter there?
Jason's got to have a plan.
All right.
The tanker's rigged to blow.
Let's hope they choose
door number one.
-Okay, let's hope so,
or we're gonna get outgunned.
I'll take Parker,
put some distance between
him and any firefight.
Bravo 6.
-Come with me, sir.
Bravo 2 is moving the hotel
to another position.
You guys stay here.
We'll move to another building.
Copy, 1.
I have eyes on.
Look alive, Bravo.
Kids are in the pool.
Bravo 2, be advised.
We got two tangos moving
towards your location.
Should've kept Ray with us.
Ray's gonna be fine.
Bravo 2 copies.
-Two tangos headed my way.
-They're coming. No.
No. No, no, no!
I can't go back, please.
I beg of you, please.
They're coming.
You cannot... Hush.
Just breathe.
Just breathe, all right?
You're gonna have to be quiet.
-I'm here with you, okay?
-Okay.
Bravo 1, tangos are
in the decoy building.
Good copy.
Technical's in the clear.
Listen, we got two vehicles
in our blast zone.
We're gonna need two
operable ones for our exfil.
No visual on the two tangos
who were moving Ray's direction.
Bravo 2, what's your sitrep?
Ray's gone quiet.
-We got to find out why.
-Bravo 3,
do not detonate till
Clay gives you the go.
Copy 1.
Too bad they didn't get the memo
where we needed them to park.
That SUV is still idling.
I can move it
from the blast zone.
All right, that plus
the Technical equals two.
Gonna have to sprint
past the Technical
to get to it.
I'm faster, I'll go.
I don't have a kid
to think about.
6, this is 3.
Metal's making a run
for the SUV.
Clear a path.
Bravo 3, turn steel,
turn steel, turn steel.
Get to the Technical.
Yeah, Metal!
Full Metal! That's it.
Go, Metal. Go, go, go!
Ray, I'm coming to your pos.
Ray!
All clear.
Nice cleanup, Ray.
Bravo 1, this is 6.
Second vehicle acquired.
External's secured.
Bravo 1 copies all.
Sorry.
You got nothing to be
sorry for, sir.
I was just afraid.
So close to getting
my life back,
seeing my family again.
You're gonna see them soon.
I can't believe it's over.
It's over.
They can't
hurt me anymore.
Uh...
You're going home.
Attention on deck.
General Quarters is moving
to ThreatCon Yoke.
Resume normal operations.
Bravo 1, this is Havoc.
Comms are back online,
but we caught the whole show
on ISR.
Copy, Havoc.
Bravo passes jackpot.
En route to exfil.
Copy, Bravo 1.
Not bad for being in the dark.
No-contact order
is back in effect.
Yeah, until the "needs of
the Navy" take priority again.
See, all the talk about
addressing these problems--
it's still warfighting
over warfighters.
Look, you've got to trust that
this investigation's gonna
bear out.
And I will be here with you,
no matter what.
I got it.
Nice shooting today
there on Sad Hill.
Between you, me and Metal,
it was a true
"Good, the Bad, and the Ugly."
You need to come clean
to Jason.
I thought we cleansed you
of your cake-eating ways.
If you want to sabotage
your own life,
fine, okay?
But you got to stop bringing
everybody else down around you.
Oh, if we could only
all just be like you,
lifting everyone up lucky enough
to be in your presence.
You know, Stella
really hit the jackpot
with your arrogant ass.
Telling you to get
your act together
doesn't make me arrogant.
All right? It might...
it might make me stupid
for thinking that
-you could ever evolve.
-Oh, thinking that
you're gonna be Jason Hayes
on a battlefield
and Ray Perry off?
That's creating a species
of Frogman that doesn't exist.
So, real humble.
Okay, well, excuse me
for trying to get better, right?
Rather than just accepting
I'm gonna come up short
on everything I try to achieve.
The difference between you and I
is that I live in reality.
-Oh, really?
-I know exactly who I am.
Mm-hmm. Same reality that had
you lying to me all week?
-That reality?
-The only person
that's lying here is you.
To yourself and to Stella.
What, you think you're gonna
skate through this job clean?
Comms go out,
ops stick with you.
People around you
get hurt.
And it's not just
the ones kitting up.
But you go on, Clay.
You keep pretending that...
that it ain't this life.
I see you already got your
excuses to tell your daughter.
They want to interview me
for that SOCOM job.
The one you've been
hoping for, right?
Yeah.
Congratulations.
-You deserve it.
-Thanks.
They said you were in
here. Chief Hassan,
would you like to
come with me to discuss
the investigation?
You can say whatever
you need to here.
The investigation has concluded.
Wait, already?
I-I thought it takes,
uh, two weeks.
Less, if a clear picture
emerges.
Lieutenant Commander Whitshaw
is being counseled
for conduct unbecoming
of an officer.
It will be reflected
in his FITREP.
Otherwise, no further action
will be taken.
-Wha... That's it?
-Since it was harassment
rather than assault,
command discretion
plays a bigger role.
And given the current
strategic circumstances...
It's warfighting
over warfighters.
Cards on the table,
J.G. Davis,
you failed to inform me
that you had some
unresolved past animosity
against Lieutenant Commander
Whitshaw.
Wait a minute, this has
nothing to do with me.
If I had known, perhaps
Whitshaw's assertion
that this matter was really
about exercising your grudge
would have carried less weight
with the investigative team.
She was trying to help me.
May have been better
ways to do that.
But if Lieutenant Commander
Whitshaw
retaliates again...
you both know where to find me.
I'm sorry.
No, don't be.
The whole process
is a minefield. I'll be fine.
Ray.
Yeah, just one second.
Yeah, come on in.
Oh.
What's got you sharking?
You're usually kicking back
after a victory.
Yeah, not much of a
mission success, you know,
with, uh, leaving those people
behind, that's for sure.
The one we saved
isn't home free either.
It just killed me seeing
how relieved he was,
so happy that the whole
nightmare was over,
when really it's just...
Hard road ahead for him.
Yeah.
And he's doing it without
the training that allows us
to handle it all.
Right.
He's not as lucky as you.
You know, uh, Jace, uh,
you were right, man.
Um...
I should have been aware
of Sonny's mess.
Yeah, I thought
I hammered him out last week.
I'm not sure how
I'm gonna handle him now.
Maybe... maybe don't.
what are you saying-- I can't?
No, I'm saying
you don't have to.
I mean, how many times
have you let your life suffer
for the sake of Bravo's?
You give enough
of yourself
just making sure we
get home every day.
You don't own anyone
any more than that.
Yeah, but what... I mean,
what's the point in getting
everyone home safe if I just
ignore their six afterwards?
Theo's still in your head, huh?
Look, Jace, he never
wore the Bravo 1 patch.
Okay? So he can't understand
the load that you carry.
Either Sonny gets right
or he doesn't. It...
it's not on you.
Why you guys
so quiet in here?
-Said all we needed to.
-Ah,
right.
Thought the party wasn't over
till somebody was bleeding.
You got me, Jace.
If you want to read me
the riot act, then...
go ahead, I deserve it.
Op was a win.
That's all that matters.
You wishing you
could do more?
Those...
those prisoners
back at the Boko camp--
I know it's not in your DNA
to leave them behind.
Prisoners aren't
the only ones I've let down.
Lot of that going around.
Yeah?
Inserted myself into a situation
that I thought I could fix.
I only made it worse.
What, here on the ship?
Anything I can do to help?
Nothing.
My mess.
You ever regret
getting involved?
The problem definitely
needs working.
I'm just not sure
I'm the one to fix it.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org